Certificate and Key Creation Process (Pre-Hedging API)
1. Login to CyberArk and Connect to Remote Server
1. Open CyberArk application.
2. Connect to the target server via SSH session.
3. Once connected, switch to the prehedge user account:
   sudo su-prehedge
2. Navigate to Configuration Directory
1. Go to the prehedge_api/config folder:
   cd /prehedge_api/config
2. Create a new folder with today’s date (format: YYYYMMDD). Example:
   mkdir 20250925
3. Move into the new folder:
   cd 20250925
3. Copy and Rename Configuration File
1. List available files:
   ll
2. Copy the csr_config.conf into the new folder:
   cp csr_config.conf 20250925/
3. Go inside the new folder:
   cd 20250925
4. Rename the copied config file:
   mv csr_config.conf csr_prehedge_dev_config.conf
4. Generate Certificate Signing Request (CSR) and Key
1. Run the OpenSSL command to generate key and CSR:
   openssl req -config csr_prehedge_dev_config.conf \
   -new -keyout prehedging-dev.lu.world.socgen.key \
   -out prehedging-dev.lu.world.socgen.csr

   - .key → Private Key file
   - .csr → Certificate Signing Request

2. Password Prompt
- During CSR/Key generation, you may be asked for a password.
- To find the correct password:
   cd /prehedge_api/script
   cat start-prehedging-api.sh
- Inside this script, you will find the password.
- Usually, the pre-hedging application password is: pre-hedge (all small letters).

3. After the command runs, verify CSR content:
   cat prehedging-dev.lu.world.socgen.csr
   The CSR should display starting with:
   -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE REQUEST----- ... -----END CERTIFICATE REQUEST-----
5. Submit CSR on DoItNow Portal
1. Copy the CSR output.
2. Open the DoItNow portal.
3. Click on Import or Generate.
4. Fill in the required details.
   - For the email field, provide the given official email ID.
5. Click Submit.
6. After submission, there will be an option for Generate.
   - Clicking this will generate the required certificate files.


Check and Update Script Path

Ensure the application script points to the new certificate, not the old one.

Go to the scripts folder.

Open bi start-prehedging-api.sh using vi editor.

Change the path to the new certificate (e.g., /20250925).

Do not change anything else in the script.

Save changes (Ctrl + S) and exit the editor.

Restart Server and Verify

Stop the server before making any changes.

After editing, start the server using . start-prehedging-api.sh.

Check if the server is running and verify that the application works correctly.

Note: Always ensure the correct file paths and names before starting the server to avoid issues.
